This relation is marred by the same evil as the other two..
It claims to acknowledge the freedom of peoples provided that the freedom of money is protected.
This is the ordoliberalism doctrine.
I'd rather tell you that even though you keep pushing forward
the necessity of a Europe of war, labeled as "Europe of Defense"
to bring  European peoples together,
you will achieve nothing.
As long as you refuse social harmonization,
as long as you rebuke tax harmonization,
as long as you reject independence from NATO,
you only offering one prospect to people
— who, instead, want peace, social progress and independence—
you are leaving them with only one prospect, stated out loud:
"This Europe, we can either change it or leave it!"
What has started is not the expected positive change,
But the fact is that people are beginning to leave it.
Then, it is pathetic that your only response to the Brexit would only be
the "Europe of Defense"and the constitutionalization of the rights of finance.